tusk
maybe very good and bad treatment to your partner let's go hide the
mr brewers accompanied please
we started
can be here it's like it's four meters away from that
after
p of a mercedes with all the proper letters what we are before four
most emblematic the one that competes with x5 competes with q7 competes with echoes of the
lexus rx is the mercedes emelec in this case we are now in the 300 version
vehicles domiciles sitos four horses and with all the measures of
efficiency and to try to make consuming less dengue fuel
with an ecological aspect try to contaminate as little as possible with these
measures then get
average consumption of about 9 liters that man is still many but
the truth is that we are talking about us a car 200 horses we are
speaking of these four years we are talking only of two thousand 200 kilos of
weight by simple year-to-year contraction until the four wheels then the
truth is that men
federer has managed to contain enough consumption
well on the outside and the showy the last subtraction of the Mercedes inde in
the medium and that the truth the one ahead has one to one to a cover as well
say it played it's awesome long it shows power
the behind dark 2 pilots
in inns that the pj also some sportsmanship have made us wrong these
guys from mercedes to try aemet lengthen a little bit in time the av the
shelf life of this mercedes-benz ml
by the way talking specifically about in this press unit you can said that it
must that is the most economical diesel that the one with the base price are
58 thousand 888 euros that is very, very good
and as you can see inside, the truth is that he does not lack anything from the
browser up to dishonor a hundred dependents
a doctoral fiba for what driving the slider is
much better has a tristone dictator enzyme and today in this case the
press unit is the maximum finish he has a lot of extras and comes out
for 75 thousand euros more or less of course you do not see that they have up to the ceiling
for a certain level and I do not say it's good before talking about space because you
because that way you can look back on sands that
p the rear legs are incredible in 551 liters of trunk of the truth is
that is a pass, everything is over and the truth is that seeing it although the mouth of
load is a tad high but then it was flat until it's very well has
separators in another behind and on the other hand is the truth is that this one
This seven-speed automatic change of seven liquide scepters
mercedes pos is great air has the peculiarity that the change comes out
of the steering column that is the same should be well
It reminds you a lot of cars from 30 40 years ago but now it is quite comfortable
of what they are not comfortable having memory in the brake pedal of
parking there down there on the left that almost do not see another
particularity is that despite being seen off-road the tin here the cams in the
flyer
for bonuses by 7 to 3 0 a sportier driving or simply
sector wants to control
is when the marches change but the truth is that
of the advised to buy the company to negotiate harshly more than 60 getronics
the truth is true
and little more than the bookkeeper the browser can be put a little bit because there
details of his method of information that does not convince me but for
the other good thing is that the level of finishes is incredible
you must not lack anything
the seats are adjustable electronically live in the pe thousand ways
the end
the usual thing is mercy in the center of the hellenic bond had to count anything else in
this video you already know is a small makes of the exhaustive analysis that
so we make three points read the reference web page to point the
motor who invited you to the expense of this criticism that we made of a
vehicle that the truth is that we liked it a little bit more thanks
be in pontoon spokespersons from the website of the motor world network and
see you in this ball always our next Saturday